This event illustrates most of the features:

  It is mixed hadrons/leptonic
  It contains a hard gluon radiation
  It contains a cluster

(there is, however, no inner-brem, and there are no MCParticles that needed to
change identity from created-in-generator to created-in-simulation)

The listing is produced by setting verbosity level to DEBUG4 (or lower).


The beginning of listing shows the properties of the 9 jets (4 hadronic,
2 leptonic, 2 ISR and one overlay)

Jet 1 comes from a string (type 1), but originates from a gluon radiated
      off the originator of jet 3.
Jet 2 comes from a string (type 1), originating at the hard interaction.
Jet 3 and 4 comes from leptons (type 2). Hardly anything is seen:
      jet 4 is the neutrino, jet 3 a muon hitting the BCal +
      a brems that is seen.
jet 5 comes from a cluster (type 3), but originate at the hard
      interaction
jet 6 also comes from a cluster but originates from a gluon radiated
      off the originator of jet 3.
jet 7 and 8 are from ISR (type 4). Both have E=0, so there was
      no ISR in the event.
jet 9 it overlay (type 5). The total energy is ~ 2*500 GeV, indicating
      that there were 2 overlayed interactions. 14 GeV of that was
      actually seen (measured as 17 GeV)

The different ancestors listed are the values at different steps
of the parton-shower. Which one is expected to be reproduced by
the jet-energy depends on whether there was gluon radiation or
not, and whether the jet was type 1 or type 3.:
      type    glue     ancestor
       1       w/o       2 and 3
       1        w        1 and 2
       3       w/o       1
       3        w        1 and 2  

For leptons, they are expected to be identical, for ISR only the 
first is relevant, and for overlay, none is relevant.

The full listing follows. The two status numbers are the modified
pythia ones and the final ones going into the weight of the jet->
mcparticle relation. The latter is zero for particles in the beginning,
up to the end of the parton shower. It is also zero for particles
created in simulation. (For overlay particles the modified pythia
code is the original one + 30). PDG and parent daughter relations
are as in Pythia. Note that the parent-daughter relation is not
usable for  particles created in simulation: they do not reflect
the position in the particle stack as they do in the generator.
Instead the getParent/getDaugher methods of MCParticle must be
used.
p. E and M needs no explanation. jet is the jet of the particle.
It is negative for particles before the end of the parton shower
(0 for gluons). The companion jet is the jet with which the jet
of the particle forms the _final_ colour neutral system.
Type is as explained in the README, and PFO/energy is the link to
and energy of the actually detected particles. Only given for
MCParticles there were seen, or might have been seen (status 1),
but weren't (marked by N.A.).

Then follows the various relations of each jet
fafp (meaning fermion/anti-fermion pair) is given at the
beginning and end of the parton shower. This are the fafp
that goes into the object defining the colour-neutral system
For ISR and overlay, both these are 0. For the leptons
jet 3 and 4 beginning and end is the same (9 and 10), which is also
the case for jet 2 (13), since nothing significant happened
with the that quark in the parton shower. It is also true for
jet 5, although it did join to form a cluster.
For jets 1 and 6, which originates from a gluon, the two are
different (14/14 and 37/36, respectively), but the fafp of the gluon 
is the same as that of the beginning (14).
The qrk/lept is the last originator before the final colour neutral
system, i.e. the quark going into the string (jets 1/2, lines 37/41), or
cluster (jets 5/6 lines 35/36). As one can see comparing e.g. 13
(fafp for jet 2) and 41 (quark) with the true energy of the jet,
the fsap one is the quark that most looks like the jet. The qrk
one has it's energy split in to all the gluons between lines 34 and 41.

The following two tables sorts all this out:
The first initial colour neutral is formed by jets 1,2 5 and 6,
and indeed has a mass close to the W (pdg 24)
